Updated document for unsafe thresholds (#649)
octodns/octodns: docs/records.md

    targets:
    - ns1
```

#### Restrict Record manipulations

> OctoDNS currently provides us the ability to limit the frequency of update/deletes on 
> DNS records by allowing us to configure a percentage of the allowed operations as a
> threshold parameter. If left unconfigured, suitable defaults take over instead.
> In the below example, the Dynamic provider configured accomodates only 40% of both
> update and delete operations over all the records present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OctoDNS currently provides the ability to limit the number of updates/deletes on 
DNS records by configuring a percentage of allowed operations as a threshold.
If left unconfigured, suitable defaults take over instead. In the below example, 
the Dyn provider is configured with limits of 40% on both update and 
delete operations over all the records present.
```
Minor tweaks to remove the first person perspective (use of "us") so that it matches the way the documentation is written elsewhere and a few other specific words.
